on November 13th 1974 Karen Silkwood an
employee at an Oklahoma nuclear facility
was on her way to meet with a reporter
from the New York Times she never got
there
Karen Silkwood drew Stephens dolly
pellicer sweethearts like your two
people found was bound what about the
radiation effects from oldest stereo
we've all seen the poor guy suffering
the effects of sunburn Oh radiations
like that there was a contamination in
our perfection they're saying that you
did it I just think people talking about
me that way you're the company's got to
blame somebody otherwise it's therefore
sounds like they're trying to get ready
I wish I could take care of it I'm doing
something good I know what you're doing
you're the wrong person to be doing I
was just thinking if you never quit come
away with me
I can't quit now
are you doing they're trying to kill me
[Applause]
[Music]